Add asteroids as demo (#5)
web-devkits/webinizer-demo: demos/asteroids/README.md

      + for (i = 0; i < LIVES; i++) {
      +
      +   init_player(&lives[i]);
      +   lives[i].lives = 1;
      +
      +   //shrink lives
      +   for (j = 0; j < P_VERTS; j++) {
      +
      +     divide_vector(&lives[i].obj_vert[j], 2);
      +   }
      +
      +   //convert screen space vector into world space
      +   struct vector2d top_left = {20 + offset, 20};
      +   add_vector(&top_left, &translation);
      +   lives[i].location = top_left;
      +   update_player(&lives[i]);
      +   offset += 20;
      + }
      +
      + //set up player and asteroids in world space
      + init_player(&p);
      + init_asteroids(asteroids, ASTEROIDS);
      +
      + next_game_tick = SDL_GetTicks();
      +
      + //render loop
      + emscripten_set_main_loop(mainLoopWrapper, 0, 1);
      ...
      }
      ```

    - Select the file `CMakeLists.txt` from the `Project Explorer` sidebar and modify the code as
      below. Then click the `SAVE` button to save the changes.

      ```diff
        // CMakeLists.txt
        project(Asteroids VERSION 1.0)
      + # to generate html target
      + set(CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_SUFFIX ".html")
      ```

>       > NOTE. _The demo is using the `html` generated by emscripten, generally `html` target could
>       > be generated with `emcc/em++ -o output.html`, which is not suitable approach when
>       > integrating with `emcmake` and `emmake`. Following suggestion is one approach to build
>       > `html` target, you could find the other ways that work._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      > NOTE. _The demo is using the `html` generated by Emscripten, generally `html` target could
      > be generated with `emcc/em++ -o output.html`, which is not a suitable approach when
      > integrating with `emcmake` and `emmake`. The above suggestion is one approach to build
      > `html` target, you could also find other ways that work._
```
